TRG 11 - Testing and Quality (TRG Suggestion) (#1396)
eclipse-tractusx/eclipse-tractusx.github.io: docs/release/trg-11/trg-11-01.mdx

---
title: TRG 11.01 - Code Coverage
sidebar_position: 1
---

| Status | Created     | Post-History            |
|--------|-------------|-------------------------|
| Draft  | 21-Mar-2025 | Initial version created |
| Draft  | 24-Mar-2025 | Update with SonarQube Cloud reference implementation for GitHub Workflow |
| Draft  | 02-Apr-2025 | Updated workflow integration example |
| Draft  | 05-Dec-2025 | Moved position to TRG-11. Adapted and reworded suggestions and removed threshold requirement |

## Why

> Goal: To ensure that all released software components measure test coverage of their code, as a common metric to track and improve quality and reliability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Goal: To increase visibility in the software quality of the released products, we use test coverage as a metric. It is reported during the release.
```

That's how I understood the common sense. Will we put it into the release check and / or the release notes on eclipse tractus-x?
